update documentation - rrdcached and rrd cleanup (#19879)
librenms/librenms: doc/Support/Cleanup-options.md

you are comfortable with that happening. (All active RRD files are
updated every polling period.)

**NOTE**: Please be aware that `rrd_purge` is NOT working if you are 
using rrdcached AND your librenms server running daily.sh does NOT has file access to the RRD files.

> This will most likly be the case for docker and kubernetes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! note
    Please be aware that `rrd_purge` does not work over rrdcached. The rrd folder needs to be accessible via the local file system or remote file share.
    This is the same for docker and Kubernetes.
```

Author: Seems good to me, only thing that I would like is to help other people that maybe also not have an option to mount/map the rrd files to the LibreNMS server

> a workaround for docker and kubernetes could be to create a custom image.

Reviewer: Remove the comment around what to do in docker.

> This image can include a custom s6 service that is starting a custom cleanup bash script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
